---
title: Things I've Always Wondered About But Was Too Lazy To Google Until Now
thumbnail: google-questions-thumb.png
category: miscellaneous
---

I'm actually going to DuckDuckGo these questions, putting Google in the title
was clickbait.

## How does a computer restart work?

Power states in your computer are controlled by an implementation of ACPI
(advanced configuration and power interface). At the end of a shutdown
process, your operating system sets an ACPI command indicating that the
computer should reboot. In response, the motherboard resets all components
using their respective reset commands or lines, and then follows the bootstrap
process. The motherboard never actually turns off, it only resets various
components and then behaves as if the power button has just been pressed.

[Source](https://superuser.com/questions/294681/how-does-a-computer-restart-itself)

## Why are pandas so fat when they don't eat anything with nutritional value?

You will notice that pandas don’t eat just any part of the bamboo, but
specialize in leaves found toward the ends of the growing part of the plant.
They are particularly fond of the shoots and growing tips. This is where the
bamboo is placing the most nutrients and the richest regions of photosynthetic
production—where the sugary or starchy carbohydrates will be.

[Source](https://www.quora.com/Why-do-Pandas-eat-bamboo-when-it-is-nutritionally-deficient-and-requires-more-energy-to-break-down-than-it-provides)

## Is there a Proto-World language?

Maybe, maybe not.

[Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proto-Human_language)

## Is Bidoof going to be in Pokémon Sword and Shield?

No.

[Source](https://www.polygon.com/2019/11/4/20947933/pokemon-sword-shield-full-pokedex-cut-pokemon-nintendo-switch-game-freak)

## Am I not going to buy Pokémon Sword and Shield just because Bidoof isn't in it?

Yes.

[Source](/article/google_questions)

## What are a cat's whiskers used for?

Cats have a sensory organ at the end of their whiskers called a proprioceptor,
which sends tactile signals to the brain and nervous system. The proprioceptor
is related to the position of the body and limbs, an important part of knowing
where every part of the body is so that decisions can be made for the next
immediate movement. This organ makes the cat’s whiskers very sensitive to even
the smallest change in the cat’s environment. A cat’s whiskers not only help
it to gauge whether it can fit into a tight space (without even being able to
see it), they can even respond to vibrations in the air, such as when the cat
is chasing prey.

Whiskers also serve as a way for cats to visually measure distance, which is
why they are able to leap so quickly and gracefully onto a narrow ledge or out
of harm’s way.

[Source](https://www.petmd.com/cat/behavior/evr_ct_why_do_cats_have_whiskers)

![anime-cat](https://cdn.halcyonnouveau.xyz/blog/img/anime-cat.jpeg)

## Where did all my serotonin go?

GameFreak stole it when they decided to not include Bidoof in SwSh.

[Source](https://social.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/d080a09c-0fa8-4759-b608-961a340eca74/where-did-all-my-emails-go)
