---
title: I Teach You, A Person Of The Alt-Right, How To Properly Conceal Your Nazism
thumbnail: steganography-thumb.png
---

When I was a dumb-ass teenager, like you I used to go on 4chan and think that
GamerGate was about ethics in game journalism. Thankfully, unlike you I never
went further down the rabbit hole after I realised that:

1. You people are really mean, and
2. You people are really dumb.

These are literally the only two things you need to be for me to not like
you.

Anyway, since my departure I've noticed that you folks have gotten really bad
at hiding the fact that you're white supremacists. At first I was interested
in your attempts to use [steganography][] and was looking forward to see if
you could come up with anything clever. But upon closer inspection it's just
kinda sad how bad you all are at it.

[steganography]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steganography

The most egregious example of this has to be using the NATO phonetic alphabet.
Seriously, **EVERYONE KNOWS WHAT THIS IS!** You aren't clever by spelling out
the n-word with it.

A more recent and particularly pathetic attempt would be the (now banned)
subreddit `r/frenworld`, where a bunch of you drew your beloved cartoon frog
Pepe as a clown and spouted a bunch of dog whistles (and just outright bigoted
shit) in baby speak. I'm sure you remember this yes? If you don't here's [a
refresher].

[a refresher]: https://www.reddit.com/r/TopMindsOfReddit/comments/bjwbln/rfrenworld_is_a_look_into_just_how_acceptable_and/

Now, I don't know what made you think talking like children would make people
take you seriously or whether you actually believed that no one would catch on
to how you called a certain group of people *'long nose frens'*, but holy fuck
this is just awful, like you aren't even trying. And I can't tell what's
worse, if you actually aren't trying or if you are and this is the best you
have.

Okay enough ranting, you must be thinking now: *'I GET IT, TELL ME HOW TO DO
IT BETTER ALREADY!'* First of all, you are WAY to close to me so STEP BACK and
secondly, that's what I'm going to do now.

The following sentence will explain the easiest and most effective way to hide
your hatred of minorities. No one will ever know that you hate *'the gays'* or
that you think black people are genetically inferior. It's a very simple
method that anyone could do:

> Stop being a Nazi.

If that's too hard (I don't see how it could be, but whatever) here are some
other things you could try:

* Cryptography: Encyrpt your messages! You could even use something like the
Engima code for extra irony (I actually think this would be hilarious and
implore you to do it). This is probably the safest way to make sure no one
knows what you're talking about, but it requires a lot of coordination.

* Actual good steganography: The Wikipedia page I linked above has some decent
uses of it like hiding it in pictures and stuff, but I reccommend using one
based off Natural Language Processing (NLP).

Something like [Stegasuras](https://steganography.live/info) would work really
well by using Natural Language as a cover signal which makes it pretty hard to
detect. It's an impressive piece of work which could have many applications,
not just for spewing racist shit on the internet. But if you want to use it
spew racist shit on the internet you can!

Look I know, I've done nothing but insult you and that's because I genuinely
don't like you, but I'm doing you a favour here by trying to make you look
less like an idiot. I know you wouldn't do the same.
